README.md, before:

# hyrule

View issues offline from a public GitHub repository.

## About

Nowadays at more and more places you have an internet connection. But there are still places where there's no
or just slow connection available. Your source code lives in git, git doesn't require you to be online in order
to make commits/branches/etc. Fine. But the more important part is not offline available nowadays. It's GitHub Issues.
There's no possibility to have them on the local machine without any internet connection. This tool aims to solve that problem.
It requires you only once to have a stable connection in order to copy all open issues into a local PouchDB. Then you're save to pull
the plug and work entirely offline.

## Requirements

- Node 4.2.x

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install -g hyrule
```

## Usage

You need to provide the repository in the username/repository notation.
Then all issues are downloaded and shown in the UI.

```bash
$ hyrule schultyy/avm
```

## Development

Clone this repository.

Then run

```bash
$ npm install
```

to install all dependencies. To start the application run

```bash
$ npm start <username>/<repo>
```

Commit message:

Tweaks to README.md
Some minor suggestions/tweaks. Feel free to take what you want from here if the whole set of changes isn't to your liking. :)

README.md, after:

# hyrule

View issues offline from a public GitHub repository.

## About

Nowadays, more and more places have an internet connection, but there are still places where there's either no connection
or it is really slow. Your source code lives in git, and git doesn't require you to be online in order
to make commits/branches/etc. That's fine. But a more important part is not available offline. It's GitHub Issues.
There's no possibility to have them on your local machine without an internet connection. This tool aims to solve that problem.
The tool requires you to only have a stable connection once in order to copy all open issues into a local PouchDB instance. Then you're safe to pull
the plug and work entirely offline.

## Requirements

- Node 4.2.x

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install -g hyrule
```

## Usage

You need to provide the repository in the username/repository notation.
Then all the issues are downloaded and shown in the UI.

(here we are getting all issues from [schultyy/avm](https://github.com/schultyy/avm))

```bash
$ hyrule schultyy/avm
```

## Development

1. Clone this repository

Then, in your terminal, run

```bash
$ npm install
```

After that is finished, run

```bash
$ npm link
```

Then you're able to start the app by running

```bash
$ hyrule
```
